1. How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
    * For ensuring maintainability in your code, ensuring good comments goes a long way.  If the code is well commented, it will be able to be maintained by any future programmers who wish to add functionality and or change existing functionality.  Leveraging object oriented coding approaches ensures that code stays adaptable.  Segmenting each piece of functionality into classes and having each class interact with other classes through their methods makes it more likely that as long as the contract between classes remains the same, the behavior of the individual class can change without impacting the behavior of the entire program.
2. How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
    * Using the MVC (Model View Controller) methodology to create the program gave the program a great amount of flexibility in how it evolves and changes as the needs of the users change. Breaking the program up into these three distinct parts ensures that changing the way each individual component works can be done relatively independently of the other two and makes updates to each component less fragile. The model or the database schema allows us to modularlize access to the database.  As as user of the model I only need to know that I can run a query against the data layer.   What that data layer is could change, but as long as I'm using the model, I get the data back no matter what the actual data storage platform is.  
    * The controller applies the logic to the program and performs the business specific logic to the data being analyzed or acted on and provides the view layer with the data it needs to surface the data to the user.
    * The view component provides a graphical or non-graphical interface to the program.  This could be several different views for several different types of devices or interfaces.  Separating out the view component ensures that no matter what type of device we want to provide the graphical interface to, we can accommodate it without having to change out the code in the controller or model layers.
3. What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
    * Computer scientists act as translators and guides to help solve business issues.  In this particular case, the business issue is that customers of Grazioso Salvare need to source rescue animals to help fill a need for this particular type of rescue that the animals are uniquely suited to.  By providing an efficient interface to help make sure this is accomplished, we have shortened the time between identifying the need and finding the right animal.  A real world outcome of this is that more people may be successfully rescued from life threatening situations.  This is the real outcome of creating good software.
